## Project 1

Creating a LWC Experience Cloud site & imperative business solutions. 

Utilizing the business identified and set up in P0 or choosing a new one, developers need to leverage Apex and 
Experience Cloud. For example, it provides trigger support for multiple objects that follow best practices. 
Additionally, utilizing Experience Cloud, the developer needs to provide a new client-facing experience site that 
integrates with the salesforce org. At a minimum, the developer must complete: 

  - An LWC single-page application containing some feature(s) relevant to the business through Experience Cloud. 
  - An Apex class to be used in conjunction with the feature(s). 
  - Any additional declarative customization required to support the feature(s). 
  - Apex Triggers for the business that meet best practices. 

Additionally, the developer will need to provide an implementation of Sales & Service Cloud 
  - This implementation should include the unique tools and capabilities of these cloud apps as a part of the orgs implementation. Including Assignment Rules, Auto-Response Rules, Escalation Rules, Campaigns, Products, and Price books. 

## Stretch Goals 

Apex Testing 
  - Create comprehensive tests for the apex used in both triggers and apex controllers for LWC. 

Data Visualization 
  - Actionable reports and dashboards relating to the business the developer has chosen to model. 

Deployment 
  - Successfully deploy the experience site in addition to other customizations during the presentation. 

## Presentation and Styling 

The developer must ensure that the experience cloud site contains uniform customized styling to denote it as a 
polished and branded experience. Styling will require the use of CSS and leveraging SLDS with consistent styling for 
HTML elements. Additionally, the developer will be required to have the entire project on a GitHub repo and follow 
reasonable branching procedures. Finally, as part of the live demo, the developer will clone the master branch of the 
repo and push the customization to a fresh org. 

The presentation will be given as part of a squad presentation, with each developer taking a turn to present and demo 
their particular solution to this project. As a result, the presentation will require teamwork and coordination to 
come across as a unified and polished endeavor and take no longer than a combined 20 minutes.
